making good use of this gesture also of
generosity that you have with us that
sick and everything you are sharing the
recipe give us the light ingredients and for
please clear that the steak looks are going to
do four but fit four pears in
gores from four biscuits four
pears that we are going to start in four
p the tilapias obviously
8 plum passes without a bone 8 plums
raisins without bone 3 tablespoons of sugar 3
tablespoons of sugar 3 tablespoons of
Cognac 3 tablespoons cognac 3 tablespoons
chopped walnut 3 tablespoons walnut
chopped 100 grams of butter that does not
is very refrigerated that is a little
softest 100 grams of butter
Well do not say but not so much
time we're going to put a third of
cup of granulated sugar a third of
cup of sugar apart from the three
spoonfuls that's two big eggs two
large eggs and they will find out if a
cup of sifted flour a cup of
sifted flour a teaspoon of powder
to bake a teaspoon of powder
to bake half a cup of half milk
cup of milk two tablespoons of sugar
mashed two tablespoons of sugar
mash haha and they are all
ingredients in the mold a mold
we're going to need 23 in a
Chiquito true from 22 to 23 of having a
sometimes they are almost the same clear then
good more or less expected and prepared
perfect let's go with the preparation yet
if this one is very simple look we are going to
put to marinate the pears that already
we have peeled and prepared with what
which is the three tablespoons of sugar and
perfect spirit what a rich
we store there we are going to leave them and
we will prepare
is the bread then let's beat the
butter with the sugar until cremarla
very well perfect the 100 grams of
butter with the third cup of
sugar after the eggs one by one
alternating with the milk I read and the
powder perfect the flour cup
sifted and the teaspoon of powder for
yes so it's fine then we're going to
mix very well and we will have a
mold greased with butter that
let's scatter to and the muscabada sugar
fly that are two tablespoons
perfect
we are going to accommodate the pears
pear cocks
with the holes in
very well and we will also accommodate the
prunes
the holes to which rich is very rich
it's really like a flipped but in
this case we're going to do it like it's
a one cake is so going with the
true hole
perfect then we already surrounded him the nut
the minced nut yes and we're going to lower the
pasta that on top of this preparation yes
and we put it in the oven at 180
for about 35 minutes rich yes
that is very rich yes and when it comes out
we will bathe with maceration but
point that is made although it was not left of the
pear and how rich with that cognac flavor
if it is very tasty and for a coffee
in the afternoon it goes very well it is very rich and
notice that in a way I love
this kind of lucy recipes because many
Sometimes big children or boys do not
they want to eat fruit and it's a way to
put the fruit with them that the
salads in this type of desserts so
rich
let's put fruit for those of some
way they will eat it be I do not know a quarter
of piece of apple penalty of what
be because how difficult it is for many
moms make children eat fruit and
this preparation is very good and good
we can do it very often to the best
restrict sugars a bit though
is a little less sweet but that
our children eat light fruits and had
only the important thing and also what can
make peach
very tasty and delicious durán and karina
true nectarine apple to me I love
we are also two
what good